feat(saml): implementation of saml for ZITADEL v2 (#3618)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/integrate/pingidentity-saml.md

---
title: Connect with Ping Identity through SAML
---

This guide shows how to enable login with ZITADEL on Auth0.

It covers how to:

- create and configure the application in your project

> - create and configure the connection in your Auth0 tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- create and configure the connection in your Ping identity tenant
```
